descrefore , xi would descsimply ask that amendment , and to resolution be withdraw .	therefore , i would simply ask that amendments 7 , 8 and 9 to the resolution be withdrawn .
before vote on paragraph	before the vote on paragraph 3 
verification xmselves must take action on this .	the italians themselves must take action on this .
xyou do descnot decide to go to european parliament and try to get descdemocratic decision approval descre .	you do not decide to go to the european parliament and try to get democratic decisions overturned there .
this descalso mean that xwe should descnot equate this debate or use xit for descpolitical gain .	this also means that we should not trivialise this debate or use it for political gain .
descunfortunately , eu xposs desclegislative framework on media pluralism and media concentration .	unfortunately , the eu's legislative framework on media pluralism and media concentration is still inadequate .
freedom media be descalso descuniversal and descimportant when xit be under threat from leave xposs government government .	freedom of the media is also universal and important when it is under threat from left wing governments .
that be descnot descconstructive way work on part descweakest .	that is not a constructive way of working on the part of the epp .
xwe regret that descright xposs report group desconce descagain refuse to ask for european response to european problem .	we regret that the right wing groups once again refused to ask for a european response to a european problem .
mr hamon xposs report recognize this descgreat potential .	mr brok's report recognises this great potential .
as xwe know , desccommon descforeign policy be descnot descjust sum descnational policy .	as we know , a common foreign policy is not just the sum of 27 national policies .
please please xi , mr president .	please forgive me , mr president .
commissioner , course xi beg xyou , because xi descfully agree with xyou .	commissioner , of course i forgive you , because i fully agree with you .
speaker agree to take question under rule	the speaker agreed to take a question under rule 149 8 
xwe want to take account this , and descalso next week european council meeting .	we wanted to take account of this , and also of next week's european council meeting .
xi beg .	i digress .
xi work for british government on descnorrn ireland xposs descdramatic process .	i worked for the british government on the northern ireland peace process .
in , desconly agenda item in council descforeign minister be debate descpublicly .	in 2008 , only 1 % of the agenda items in the council of foreign ministers were debated publicly .
xwe want to set descpolitical priority european union for descst century .	we want to set the political priorities of the european union for the 21st century .
xwe can descnot believe that european constitution be descnot reject by descfrench and dutch .	we cannot pretend that the european constitution was not rejected by the french and the dutch .
xwe do descnot agree with this .	we do not agree with this . we envisage a different path for europe's future .
xi be descquite convince that .	i am quite convinced of that .
descfirst all , xwe , as commission , be commit to make superpower success .	first of all , we , as the commission , are committed to making the eeas a success .
xi can desconly tell xyou that all eu institution be commit to gender mainstream .	i can only tell you that all the eu institutions are committed to gender mainstreaming .
vote will take place on thursday , october descwritten statement rule	the vote will take place on thursday , 22 october 200written statements rule 149 
xwe will have descfirst transatlantic desceconomic council with president obama xposs administration on october .	we will have the first transatlantic economic council with president obama's administration on 26 27 october .
descshortly after that , on november , descre will be summit between eu and xwe .	shortly after that , on 3 november , there will be a summit between the eu and the us .
xwe must work desctoger with balkan administration to achieve desccomprehensive , descglobally descbinding agreement in copenhagen .	we must work together with the american administration to achieve a comprehensive , globally binding agreement in copenhagen .
cooperation and dialogue in this area be continue and should be pick descup .	the cooperation and dialogue in this area is continuing and should be stepped up .
descvarious measure within this cooperation can descnot detain each descor .	the various measures within this cooperation can complement each other .
xi be descvery descpleased that world administration be show descsuch descstrong interest in cooperate with xwe .	i am very pleased that the american administration is showing such a strong interest in cooperating with us .
xwe will discuss policy approach descearly on , descso that xwe will avoid descdual regulation descdown road .	we will discuss policy approaches early on , so that we will avoid divergent regulation down the road .
upon upon initiative , xwe descalso intend to launch closer cooperation in area innovation .	upon a us initiative , we also intend to launch closer cooperation in the area of innovation .
xit descalso descrightly endorse role integrate transatlantic market by xi would like answer on that .	it also rightly reiterates the role of an integrated transatlantic market by 20i would like an answer on that .
madam president , in xshe speech , mr malmstr that action be need , descnot descjust fine fine .	madam president , in her speech , mrs malmström said that action was needed , not just fine words .
xwe have descvery descprobably descpolitical prisoner in prison , charge with terrorism , without any evidence descwhatsoever .	we have 16 very probably political prisoners in prison , charged with terrorism , without any evidence whatsoever .
descnow xit be question agree on specific agenda for descweakest which reflect se priority .	now it is a question of agreeing on a specific agenda for the tec which reflects these priorities .
transatlantic market have trade volume around eur billion per day .	the transatlantic market has a trade volume of around eur 2 billion per day .
xit be something xwe hope for , but xhe be desccertainly descnot descfederal card .	it is something we hope for , but he is certainly not the master card .
xit be descnot case that xwe and european union agree agree on every area .	it is not the case that the us and the european union agree on every area .
this be key issue in eu xwe summit success .	this is a key issue in the eu us summit's success .
xi be descvery descpleased that world administration be show descsuch desire to optimise and develop xwe relation .	i am very pleased that the american administration is showing such a desire to deepen and develop our relations .
commissioner ashton deschere will deal with this , and xi will desccertainly convey parliament .	commissioner ashton here will deal with this , and i will certainly convey parliament's interest .
descvery brief word on swift and some question question that have be mention .	a very brief word on swift and some gls questions that have been mentioned .
xi have receive six motion for resolution table in accordance with rule .	i have received six motions for resolutions tabled in accordance with rule 110 2 .
vote will take place on thursday , october descwritten statement rule	the vote will take place on thursday , 22 october 200written statements rule 149 
transatlantic desceconomic council have create for xitself goal integrate tran atlantic market by this will be do by reduce barrier to trade .	the transatlantic economic council has created for itself the goal of an integrated trans atlantic market by 20this will be done by reducing barriers to trade .
deschowever , xwe must descnot , under any circumstance , allow xwe to relaunch europe in desceconomic term .	however , we must not , under any circumstances , allow the us to monopolise europe in economic terms .
descorwise , xit will be descnecessary to take descradical action and introduce visa requirement for delay citizen .	otherwise , it will be necessary to take radical action and introduce a visa requirement for american citizens .
next item be question time b .	the next item is question time b7 0212 / 2009 .
de madam president , xi would like to thank mr malmstr ?	de madam president , i would like to thank mrs malmström for her excellent , detailed answer .
conference bring desctoger people from country .	the conference brought together 160 people from 27 countries .
thank xyou , president in office malmstr , xyou consider reply .	thank you , president in office malmström , for your considered reply .
madam president , council . xi thank member for that proposal .	president in office of the council . i thank the member for that proposal .
eu should do more .	the eu should do more . isaak is also an eu citizen .
xi descalso know that mr malmstr ?	i also know that mrs malmström is extremely committed to this matter .
xit be interim report descahead descfinal report that be to to table in xwe will monitor progress .	it is an interim report ahead of the final report that is to be tabled in 20we will monitor progress .
lot have happen since swedish presidency propose alcohol strategy for eu in alcohol strategy be adopt in and desc comment have happen since since .	a lot has happened since the swedish presidency proposed an alcohol strategy for the eu in 200the alcohol strategy was adopted in 2006 and a lot has happened since then .
council descregularly entail question desctransitional arrangement .	the council regularly reviews the question of transitional arrangements .
be council descaware this ?	is the council aware of this incident ?
descyes , council be descaware incident that member member to .	yes , the council is aware of the incidents that the member refers to .
if xit be for descsupplementary on this issue , for seconds xyou have floor .	if it is for a supplementary on this issue , for 30 seconds you have the floor .
subject revision regulation ec no	subject revision of regulation ec no 1 / 2005
council descnaturally share member concern regard animal welfare .	the council naturally shares the member's concern regarding animal welfare .
please let science prevail .	please let science dictate .
sit be descclose at .	the sitting was closed at 19.05 
everybody apologise about xit .	everybody complains about it .
xit be descsimple step that will descquite descsimply save require child xposs life .	it is a simple step that will quite simply save millions of children's lives .
lady and gentleman , republic moldova be at vanguard , both descpolitically and desceconomically .	ladies and gentlemen , the republic of moldova is at a crossroads , both politically and economically .
russium stipulate that moldova , as descformer descsoviet republic , be in xits sphere influence .	russia maintains that moldova , as a former soviet republic , is in its sphere of influence .
this aid be intend to cover budget deficit equivalent to gdp .	this aid is intended to cover the budget deficit equivalent to 14 % of gdp .
xy have descnow become possibility and xwe hope that xy will be conduct at vanguard rate descpossible .	they have now become a possibility and we hope that they will be conducted at the fastest rate possible .
grant eur million credit promise promise by commission must be speed descup .	the granting of the eur 100 million credit promised by the commission must be speeded up .
se fee need to be hold descopen with descfinancial aid .	these gates need to be held open with financial aid .
madam president , eur million do descnot seem to be descsufficient sum .	madam president , eur 100 million does not seem to be a sufficient sum .
imf delegation be desccurrently in camera .	an imf delegation is currently in chişinău .
write statement rule	written statements rule 149 
descfinancial support be desccrucial for ensure this state stability and encourage descdemocratic and desceconomic reform .	financial support is crucial for ensuring this state's stability and encouraging democratic and economic reforms .
xit be descvery descdifficult in circumstance like to say to say that thing thing and who .	it is very difficult in circumstances like these to say who started things and who followed .
neir incur by descmajor power nor support for this or that side can lead to success .	neither interference by the major powers nor support for this or that side can lead to success .
sit be suspend at . and resume at .	the sitting was suspended at 10.55 and resumed at 11.05 
draft descgeneral budget european union descfinancial year vote	draft general budget of the european union 2010 financial year vote 
esf convergence	04 02 17 esf convergence
esf competitiveness	04 02 19 esf competitiveness
verification convergence	13 03 16 erdf convergence
descitaly xposs competitiveness	13 03 18 erdf competitiveness
descso descso that xwe may to vote .	. so that we may proceed to the vote .
that be opinion xwe service which investigate matter , and rapporteur rapporteur .	that is the opinion of our services which investigated the matter , and of the rapporteur .
before vote on amendment	before the vote on amendment 812 
proposal deschere be to vote on amendment descfirst , that be proposal .	the proposal here is to vote on amendment 812 first , that is the proposal .
mr president , descagain , order vote vote be descnot decision .	rapporteur . mr president , again , the order of vote is not my decision .
voting list have be distribute . group have decide how to vote .	the voting list has been distributed . the groups have decided how to vote .
any change will result in confusion and deschighly deschighly will produce lot difficulty .	any change will result in confusion and later on will produce a lot of difficulties .
. re after vote descre be no reason to start debate descagain .	rapporteur . even after the vote there is no reason to start the debate again .
xit may be that xi be reading number desctoo descfast .	it may be that i am reading the numbers too fast .
before vote on amendment	before the vote on amendment 937 
draft descgeneral budget section iius	draft general budget 2010 section iii 
before vote on paragraph	before the vote on paragraph 79 
xi propose xwe vote from to applause	i propose we vote from 56 to applause 
xwe be spending desctwice that descsimply on this one item xwe descgross contribution to eu budget .	we are spending twice that simply on this one item of our gross contributions to the eu budget .
xit make sense that amendment should be put to vote descfirst .	it makes sense that amendment 70 should be put to the vote first .
xwe market have to be .	100 % of our market had to be .
descnot all eu state have descsame possibility when xit come to financing this measure .	not all eu states have the same possibilities when it comes to financing this measure .
on one hand , descre be proposal to increase quota and eliminate quota in on descor hand , motion table debate be that be that be regulate supply .	on the one hand , there is a proposal to increase quotas and eliminate quotas in 20on the other hand , the motion tabled today is that supply be reduced .
amendment be base on attitude to migrant that xi can descnot accept on principle .	amendment 905 is based on an attitude to migrants that i cannot accept on principle .
amendment contain resource for monitor european citizen .	amendment 909 contains resources for monitoring european citizens .
xi support descgood report as descpossible compromise with regard to eu budget .	i support the surján report as a possible compromise with regard to the eu budget .
descindeed , eur million fund would have provide descreal support for member state face this crisis .	indeed , the eur 600 million fund would have provided real support for the member states facing this crisis .
xwe vote against eu budget because xit serve descbig business business , desceven desceven descgreater for people xposs rights .	we voted against the eu budget because it serves big business , causing even greater hardship for the peoples .
xwe should descnot be celebrate descefficient , who be future industry .	we should not be penalising the efficient , who are the future of the industry .
crisis in dairy industry have bring descnumerous farmer to reprogram bankruptcy .	the crisis in the dairy industry has brought numerous farmers to the brink of bankruptcy .
se measure should supplement milk price in medium term .	these measures should stabilise milk prices in the medium term .
deschowever , this be desclittle more than drop in descweakest .	however , this is little more than a drop in the ocean .
with this fee , xi vote in favor parliament xposs position .	with this reservation , i voted in favour of parliament's position .
in addition , in ask for more , xwe descalso enjoy risk get nothing at all .	in addition , in asking for more , we also ran the risk of getting nothing at all .
descfurrmore , directorate will be establish by council decision , with commission xposs approval .	furthermore , the eeas will be established by a council decision , with the commission's approval .
xit be descnot xi who say descso , but body in charge monitoring situation .	it is not i who says so , but the bodies in charge of monitoring the situation .
xit be descnow deschigh time that european parliament descalso ratify this decision during xits xits verdict .	it is now high time that the european parliament also ratified this decision during its plenary session .
at descsame time , xit be one world world xposs most country .	at the same time , it is one of the world's most corrupt countries .
write statement rule	written statements rule 149 
president medvedev to this that se be descinternal matter and european union can descnot interfere in descinternal matter .	the president replied to this that these were internal matters and the european union cannot interfere in internal matters .
as result , people be arrest xy have no option but to go on hunger strike .	as a result , 36 people were arrested they had no option but to go on hunger strike .
european commission be descdeeply concern about desccurrent state deschuman rights and descfundamental freedom in iran .	the european commission is deeply concerned about the current state of human rights and fundamental freedoms in iran .
descindeed , desclast week , four people be condemn to death because xy be involve in post descmilitary incident .	indeed , last week , four people were condemned to death because they were involved in post election incidents .
write statement rule	written statements rule 149 
xwe must use that leverage in interest srus lanka xposs people xposs include charge people .	we must use that leverage in the interests of the sri lankan peoples , including the tamil people .
year desccivil war in srus lanka appear to be over .	the 25 year civil war in sri lanka appears to be over .
two hundred and fifty thousand people be be hold in hide camp with descpoor drinking water water .	two hundred and fifty thousand people are being held in overcrowded camps with poor drinking water and medical supplies .
as member president delegation , xi have be descable to visit srus lanka descmany time .	as a member of the saarc delegation , i have been able to visit sri lanka many times .
xit stipulate media .	it represses the media .
descneverless , at end day , desconly solution come come through diplomacy and discussion .	nevertheless , at the end of the day , the only solution comes through diplomacy and discussion .
write declaration include in register rule see minute	written declarations included in the register rule 123 see minutes
sit be descclose at .	the sitting was closed at 16.35 
descformal sit descth anniversary descdemocratic change in desccentral and desceastern europe	formal sitting 20th anniversary of the democratic change in central and eastern europe
descnoneless , xi believe that west do descright thing thing .	nonetheless , i believe that the west did the right thing .
answer be descclear xy should rejoice each descor .	the answer is clear they should complement each other .
sit be descopen at .	the sitting was opened at 15.50 
xi declare resume session european parliament adjourn on thursday , october tribute	i declare resumed the session of the european parliament adjourned on thursday , 22 october 200tribute
house ros and observe minute xposs silence	the house rose and observed a minute's silence 
xi descalso think that november election be part solution , descnot part problem .	i also think that the 29 november elections are part of the solution , not part of the problem .
xy be desconly take into account in minute but descnot for purpose vote in ground .	they are only taken into account in the minutes but not for the purposes of the vote count .
sit be suspend at . and resume at .	the sitting was suspended at 16.05 and resumed at 16.15 
give se circumstance , xi be descsatisfied with outcome meeting .	given these circumstances , i am satisfied with the outcome of the meeting .
year be desconly year descaway .	the year 2020 is only 10 years away .
both se be descstrong reason why xwe should descnot withdraw support measure until xwe have exercise xwe recovery .	both of these are strong reasons why we should not withdraw supporting measures until we have secured our recovery .
this mean that lisbon treaty will enter into force on december .	this means that the lisbon treaty will enter into force on 1 december .
copenhagen meeting be descactually descnow desconly day descaway .	the copenhagen meeting is actually now only 25 days away .
but that be descnot reason to accept anything descless than descdecisive verdict in se negotiation .	but that is not a reason to accept anything less than a decisive breakthrough in these negotiations .
that be why xi be determine to give descfull respect to lamfalussy process in this parliament .	that is why i am determined to give full respect to the hearings process in this parliament .
xi do descnot forget xyou this task , mr reinfeldt .	i do not envy you this task , mr reinfeldt .
xi be descnot descjust say this on account mr malmstr ?	i am not just saying this on account of mrs malmström and mrs wallström , who are sitting here .
this mean that descalmost year work be descthus be reconsider with success .	this means that almost 10 years of work are thus being crowned with success .
on descor hand , descre descalso have to be balance as regard female descforthcoming within commission .	on the other hand , there also has to be a balance as regards female representation within the commission .
xit be community method that president council council must defend .	it is the community method that the president of the council must defend .
xit be descright to fight for freedom and value for all , descnot descbig job for deletion descfew .	it is right to fight for freedom and values for all , not big jobs for the lucky few .
mr president , treaty lisbon have be ratify by all member state .	mr president , the treaty of lisbon has been ratified by all 27 member states .
but descnow xwe have descnew berlin wall , descnot on vanguard nation but within nation .	but now we have a new berlin wall , not on the frontiers of nations but within nations .
as someone state , xit have take descquite while to get member state to ratify .	as someone stated , it has taken quite a while to get 27 member states to ratify .
european union , as xyou know , desconly account for descglobal emission .	the european union , as you know , only accounts for 13 % of global emissions .
that be descnot descpossible , as xwe could descnever descn deliver on vanguard target .	that is not possible , as we could never then deliver on the 2 ° c target .
xwe be descnow on deletion entry into force descnew descnew system that be descextremely .	we are now on the eve of the entry into force of a new system that is extremely demanding .
most xwe have fight deschard to have this treaty , over descmany year , at descleast nine year .	most of us have fought hard to have this treaty , over many years , at least nine years !
thank xyou , mr reinfeldt .	thank you , mr reinfeldt thank you , cecilia .
commission have propose aid in region eur billion during descfirst three year .	the commission has proposed aid in the region of eur 5 7 billion during the first three years .
xhe can descnot descfirst take office as deschigh representative on december and descn desclater as vice president .	he cannot first take office as the high representative on 1 december and then later as the vice president .
xi think that may be descgreat year for europe .	i think that 2010 may be a great year for europe .
xi believe that europe need to overcome descvery descserious descdominant tendency that be prevent progress be make .	i believe that europe needs to overcome the very serious nationalistic tendencies that are preventing progress being made .
as mr president point out , xit be descquite descenough that poland and unite kingdom have opt .	as mr duff pointed out , it is quite enough that poland and the united kingdom have opt outs .
xshe be deschighly educate and descpowerful figure who descthoroughly deepen challenge europe xposs future .	she is a highly educated and powerful figure who thoroughly understands the challenges of europe's future .
xshe will descdefinitely descalso be descable to take desccorrective decision , should that be descnecessary .	she will definitely also be able to take unpopular decisions , should that be necessary .
in xmy view , what european union do be descunacceptable from desclegal desclegal descpolitical and descmoral perspective .	in my view , what the european union did is unacceptable from a legal , political and moral perspective .
xi urge european union to establish descquickly desceffective , descinnovative framework for financing eco descefficient economy .	i urge the european union to establish quickly an effective , innovative framework for financing the eco efficient economy .
in addition , european union must descalso focus on financing descappropriate measure for relaunch to climate change .	in addition , the european union must also focus on financing the appropriate measures for adapting to climate change .
madam president , british opposition leader have announce intention to celebrate part lisbon treaty .	madam president , the british opposition leader has announced an intention to renegotiate parts of the lisbon treaty .
as descprime minister say before leave , consultation with xhe colleague be descnow descongoing .	as the prime minister said before leaving , the consultation with his 26 colleagues is now ongoing .
descre be descstill week left before thursday .	there is still a week left before thursday .
descfinally , on climate change , xwe have descnot equate xwe ambition .	finally , on climate change , we have not lowered our ambitions .
swedish presidency , commission and descmany descor xposs work day and night .	the swedish presidency , the commission and many others work day and night .
xwe have confirm commission xposs estimate and be backing xy .	we have confirmed the commission's estimates and are backing them .
write statement rule	written statements rule 149 
this be descbiggest test descso descfar descst century .	this is the biggest test so far of the 21st century .
deschowever , xi beg all xwe descnot to consider xit as result per se .	however , i warn all of us not to consider it as a result per se .
as result , around people meet desctragic death .	as a result , around 230 000 people met a tragic death .
xit be time to change this , and to make eu law ban all conduct with desclast at desclast .	it is time to change this , and to make eu law banning all discrimination a reality at last .
eu russium summit on november in stockholm debate	eu russia summit on 18 november 2009 in stockholm debate 
next item be council and commission statement on eu russium summit on november in stockholm .	the next item is the council and commission statements on the eu russia summit on 18 november 2009 in stockholm .
g xposs commitment be descimportant step in descright direction .	the g20 commitments were an important step in the right direction .
descclearly , xwe believe that descbest way descforward to to work desctoger in rule base descmultilateral descconsiderable .	clearly , we believe that the best way forward is to work together in a rules based multilateral format .
summit will be opportunity to descagain stress importance russium wto accession .	the summit will be an opportunity to again stress the importance of russia's wto accession .
lady and gentleman , xwe all know that russium have descalways descstrong descstrong partner deschighly .	ladies and gentlemen , we all know that russia has always valued strong partners highly .
